quarto 1.3.340 (#532)
rstudio/rstudio-docker-products: connect/NEWS.md

# 2023-04-26

- Add Quarto 1.3.340 to the Ubuntu 18.04 and Ubuntu 22.04 images.
- Enable and configure Connect Quarto support, using the Quarto 1.3.340
  installation.

> - Install Python from https://github.com/rstudio/python-builds into the Ubuntu
>   22.04 images; these installations do not contain `virtualenv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace Miniconda-based Python installation with Python from https://github.com/rstudio/python-builds in the Ubuntu
  22.04 images. these installations do not contain `virtualenv`.
```

>   22.04 images without; these installations do not contain `virtualenv`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  22.04 images; these installations do not contain `virtualenv`.
```
